Privacy Policy for Daily Lingo Boost
  At Daily Lingo Boost, one of our main priorities is the privacy of our visitors. This Privacy Policy document contains types of information that is collected and recorded by Daily Lingo Boost and how we use it.
  If you have additional questions or require more information about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us.
  
Log Files
  Daily Lingo Boost follows a standard procedure of using log files. These files log visitors when they use the app. All hosting companies do this and a part of hosting services' analytics. The information collected by log files include internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, Internet Service Provider (ISP), date and time stamp, referring/exit pages, and possibly the number of clicks. These are not linked to any information that is personally identifiable. The purpose of the information is for analyzing trends, administering the site, tracking users' movement on the website, and gathering demographic information. Our Privacy Policy was created with the help of the Privacy Policy Generator.
  
Privacy Policies
  You may consult this list to find the Privacy Policy for each of the advertising partners of Daily Lingo Boost.
  Third-party ad servers or ad networks uses technologies like cookies, JavaScript, or Web Beacons that are used in their respective advertisements and links that appear on Daily Lingo Boost, which are sent directly to users' browser. They automatically receive your IP address when this occurs. These technologies are used to measure the effectiveness of their advertising campaigns and/or to personalize the advertising content that you see on websites that you visit.
  Note that Daily Lingo Boost has no access to or control over these cookies that are used by third-party advertisers.
  
Third Party Privacy Policies
  Daily Lingo Boost's Privacy Policy does not apply to other advertisers or apps. Thus, we are advising you to consult the respective Privacy Policies of these third-party ad servers for more detailed information. 
  
Children's Information
  Another part of our priority is adding protection for children while using the internet. We encourage parents and guardians to observe, participate in, and/or monitor and guide their online activity.
  Daily Lingo Boost does not knowingly collect any Personal Identifiable Information from children under the age of 13. If you think that your child provided this kind of information on our app, we strongly encourage you to contact us immediately and we will do our best efforts to promptly remove such information from our records.
  
Online Privacy Policy Only
  This Privacy Policy applies only to our online activities and is valid for visitors to our app with regards to the information that they shared and/or collect in Daily Lingo Boost. This policy is not applicable to any information collected offline or via channels other than this website.
  
Consent
  By using our app, you hereby consent to our Privacy Policy and agree to its Terms and Conditions.
  


